Lab 2 Code Review
By Shawn Conboy

First Impressions

	UI is different. I thought I had accidentally highlighted everything for a second.
	That's not bad, in terms of UI though, you want your users to be able to open,
	and with no hesitation, know exactly what's going on and what to do in the app.
	
	I think possibly the scaling can be better. On my end, a lot of the form is smaller
	than expected. To be specific, I need to scroll horizontally to see the population
	numbers of the data grid view.

	I like the dropdown sort feature. It's different from what I'd expected to see.
	Another example of the smaller scale is here as well. The wording on the right 
	is cut off from the drop down menu.

	Math buttons being able to "hide" and "show" is also a nice touch.

Is the code generally readable and well documented?

	Code is generally readable. There are no dev created comments. I understand this
	was a simple program and most methods are self explanatory.

	I see those lambda expressions in there. I haven't learned them yet. So I'm unsure
	of what they do specifically.
	
Did you find any software defects?

	btnExit_Click() and btnClear_Click() methods both have 0 references for either.
	When testing app, I noticed that the exit button was not working. This explains why.

	If you click the Lightning icon in the properties pane, you get options for all the 
	event handlers for a controller. Assign the "click" property to your desired method.

What was one way that your solution differed from yours?

	Your program is very different from mine. Specifically, our UI. You have buttons that
	show and hide elements, and dropdowns with selectable queries.

	Mine is very static with updates after every click.

Do you have any other constructive comments for the author?

	Constructive.... I don't think so. I understand everyone will create things in their own
	way. Your program works and runs well with the exception of the exit button.
